You just learned the fundamentals
of what a decision tree is, and
you also saw how to build and
validate your own model using Ultrix.
Next we'll compare our models against
each other in order to predict
the best one for production.
You may be asking yourself, why are we
comparing models against each other
if we already validated both models?
Well, I like to think that it's just
good practice to view the models
side by side.
And as you're going to see,
there are a couple of ways to do this
using the model comparison tool.
What we're going to look for is the
overall accuracy of each of the models,
as well as that lift gains chart.
The lift chart is based on aggregating
data into ten different groups.
These groups are ordered based on the
predictive probability of a favorable
response for the model.
The response is then compared to what
would be expected if the selection of
the prospects was done randomly.
Let's look at these over in Ultrix now.